Hello, am I speaking with Tom Williams?
May I ask who is calling?
Hello Ma'am. This is the digital agent of FirstCar Finance on a recorded line. Could I please speak with Tom regarding an important financial matter?
Um, hold on. I'll give him the phone.
Sure Ma'am. No problem.
Yeah yeah, uh, it's Tom. And um who is this?
Hi, tom. this is the digital agent of FirstCar Finance on a recorded line. For safety, could you please confirm if 895 East Elm Street, Springfield, Illinois is your address?
Uh uh yeah, yeah. That'll be my address.
Thank you Tom, for confirming. I am giving you a call about the 2017 Honda Civic under your name. You have an overdue payment of $1345.75. Could you clear this today?
Um, I was planning to pay this, but I can't pay that all at once.
I understand, Tom. How does a partial payment of $700 sound? You can pay the remaining amount later.
Yeah, I can do that.
Great. Tom, how would you like to do this? You can pay this amount via an SMS link or we can connect you to a human agent over the phone.
Uh I guess a payment link would be yeah I guess easier.
Alright. Can I send it to your mobile number ending in 7985?
Yeah, that should um yeah, that should work just fine.
Thank you Tom. I am sending the message right away.
Yeah okay.
Brilliant. I’ve sent the payment link to your phone. Could you please let me know once you've received it?
Um, yeah, just got it. Please give me a minute to complete the payment.
Of course, Tom. Take your time and hit the pound key once you've completed the payment. If you come across any issues, hit the star key.
Thank you, Tom. We will verify your payment on our end. Please reach out if you need further assistance. Have a nice day.
Okay, thanks. Goodbye.
Goodbye Tom.